(Setting: The Marketplace. Fazal stands in front 
              of Omar's fruit stand.)
(Abu reaches up and steals a banana from the stand; the men don't 
              see him.)
(Abu steals figs out 
              of Omar's hand)
(Omar moves a blue pot, revealing Abu. Omar takes the banana; the 
              peel opens to reveal that the banana itself is missing.)
(Abu smiles; the banana is in his mouth)
(Fazal raises his sword; Abu dodges the attack by jumping onto 
              Fazal's turban. Omar throws a tomato, which hits Fazal in the face. 
              Abu runs, but is stopped when he crashes into Aladdin's leg.)
(Abu smiles)
(from a distance)
(Omar and Fazal reach them)
(Wipes tomato off of his face)
(He puts his hand 
              behind his back, revealing three coins. Abu takes them, tosses them 
              to Omar, smugly, and blows a raspberry in that general direction.)
(Puts his hand to his chin, thinking.)
(A strong wind blows through)
(he's blown off Aladdin's shoulder)
(Guards Hakim and Nahbi close and lock the city gates. There's 
              a large gust of wind and the gates break, throwing the guards; three 
              whirlwinds enter the city.)
(The whirlwinds start to the damage the city. A man is nearly smashed 
              by watermelons and another, who laid on a bed of nails, is forced 
              off the bed and nearly crushed by it.)
(chased by a whirlwind)
(He screams—there's another whirlwind 
            in front of him. He's caught between them, then thrown across the 
            city.)
(Aladdin, clinging to a pole, watches a whirlwind approach a vendor's 
              stand; it takes a pile of gold off of the stand then turns and goes 
              in the other direction.)

              (A rich man, in fine clothes and jewelry, stands in the middle of 
              the Marketplace.)
(The whirlwind attacks him; his clothes get ripped)
(The whirlwind attacks again; it steals his jewelry)
(The whirlwind attacks one more time; it steals his clothes, 
              leaving him in his white, heart-print boxers)
(Rasoul, Hakim, Fazal, and Nahbi stand before the city gates, swords 
              drawn.)
(The whirlwinds run over the guards and exit the city. Aladdin steps 
              over the fallen guards.)
(Rasoul stands. His turban is unraveled and wrapped around his body.)
(Struggling to free himself)
(taunting)
(Rasoul walks over. He flexes and the cloth wrap flies off of him.)
(he grabs Aladdin's 
            vest, pulling him face-to-face)
(Looks at Abu)
(Rasoul smiles; Aladdin frees himself from his grasp)
(Laughs)
(Abu, irritated, does a karate stance. Aladdin grabs him.)
(A crowd has formed)
(Laughs)
(The crowd chatters. Aladdin looks around, embarrassed)
(Rasoul, Fazal, and the crowd laugh)
(Realizes what Aladdin just did)
(Shakes his head and gestures "no")
(Leaps off of Aladdin's shoulder)
(Setting: the desert. Aladdin, Iago, and Abu are on Carpet. Abu 
              sits with his back turned to Aladdin.)
(He runs his hand 
              through Abu's hair.)
(Huffs)
(Genie comes out of his lamp)
(Carpet stops)
(Turns into a monkey version of the "Godfather" 
              with one arm behind his back)
(picks up a confused Abu; he is wearing 
              a pinstriped suit)
(Take 
              his arm from behind him and reveals a snoring fish in a night cap; 
              air bubbles come out of its mouth)
(Waves dismissively)
(Genie reverts to normal)
(Nudges Abu)
(Abu blows a raspberry at him)
(as a weathervane)
(Genie turns into a jet engine and pushes Carpet forward. They fly 
              quickly, passing the three whirlwinds.)
(Carpet stops abruptly; Genie keeps going, crashing into the ground 
              head first. Carpet lands.)
(The whirlwinds approach)
(as a hardware store employee)
(Iago and Abu gasp— the whirlwinds are close)
(With six arms he holds up different 
              kinds of rope)
(Panicked)
(He drops all the rope, which wraps around him)
(Aladdin grabs one end of the rope wrapped around Genie and forms 
              a barricade. The whirlwinds crash into the rope, pulling it away 
              from Aladdin.)
(Genie is spun around and gets stuck in the ground. The whirlwinds 
              keep going.)
(To the whirlwinds in the distance)
(The whirlwinds stop; an arm holding a sword comes out of each. 
              The whirlwinds leap into the air, spin like propellers, and come 
              back toward the gang.)
(Buried in the ground, dizzy, with stars around his head.)
(Carpet tries to free him)
(The propellers attack. Aladdin ducks; one of them chases after 
              Iago. It runs into him and shaves all of the feathers off of his 
              lower body. Iago screams and crashes into the ground, head first.)
(Carpet props Genie up)
(His 
              tail turns into a bicycle pump)
(Carpet pumps, inflating Genie until he's huge. Genie blows 
              a huge gust of wind that sends the attackers away, screaming.)
(Extends his hand)
(Hi-fives him)
(He realizes that he's still mad at Aladdin 
              and turns away, his arms crossed.)
(Back to normal size)
(His tongue unravels on the ground)
(Three thieves, loaded with treasure, fall out of the propellers.)
(To Abu)
(To the thieves)
(One thief leaps into the air and tries to grab a golden feather. 
              Another one grabs him, then the men form whirlwinds and escape.)
(Nearby, checking out the damage to his lower body)
(The feather falls beside 
              him; his eyes bulge)
(To Abu)
(Abu grumbles)
(As Rasoul)
(Iago uses the feather to replace his missing tail feather, then 
              walks over to the group.)
(Abu 
              steals the feather)
(mocking)
(Abu waves the feather; a whirlwind forms around him. Surprised, 
              Abu falls out of the air and onto Iago.)
(Genie turns into a game show contestant)
(Hits a button)
(As a game show 
              host)
(As the sun)
(The screen goes black; the character's eyes light up, as in classic 
              cartoons. The light reverts to normal and Genie continues)
(Comes out of an egg, wearing a bonnet)
(Abu hops on Carpet and gestures for the others to join him)
(Takes the feather from 
              Abu)
(Abu steals the feather back, taunting Aladdin)
(He takes the feather back, then waves it 
              around to form a whirlwind.)
(Abu grabs one end of the feather; Aladdin holds on to the other. 
              The two tug at it and it splits in half.)
(Abu looks at his half, shocked, then faints)
(To Aladdin)
(Setting: Abis Mal's lair. The three thieves from before are begging)
(Abis Mal walks away, contemplating. Haroud emerges from behind 
              a pillar and joins him)
(Laughs awkwardly)
(They enter a large, stable-like room)
(He laughs, 
              pouring a bag of seed into a large dish)
(Waves his hands dismissively)
(A bird screeches; Abis Mal laughs)
(They leave the room. On the wall, there's the shadow of a large 
              bird in a cage)
(Setting: Outside Abis Mal's lair, night.)
(They sneak inside. They overhear Abis Mal and Haroud talking)
(off-screen)
(Shadows approach the gang)
(They run into the stable; Genie closes the door)
(off-screen)
(He and Abis Mal pass the stable)
(trails off)
(Aladdin and Genie peek through the door)
(He flies after 
              Abis Mal and Haroud)
(Genie appears on his 
              shoulder, searching him)
(searches his pockets; Genie 
              hands him the scroll)
(Reads)
(Shudders)
(Setting: the stable. Aladdin closes the door)
(Genie reappears)
(Aladdin steals it from him before he can 
              blow it)

              (The group walks further into the room and see a large cage, with 
              a bird inside.)
(The Roc cries)
(Cries)
(Annoyed)
(Abu chatters, then runs to the cage. He picks the lock on the 
              door and stands back, accomplished. The door opens.)
(Genie pinches 
              his beak shut)
(Abis Mal and Haroud enter the room)
(Searches himself)
(Jumps into Genie's arms)
(Throws him aside)
(The baby Roc stumbles out of the cage. Genie turns into a cowboy 
              and jumps onto his back)
(Riding him)
(Genie and the Roc are stopped by three thieves. Genie pulls out 
              a pencil and draws a door on one of the room's walls. The Roc goes 
              through; Genie follows. The three thieves try to chase them, but 
              they just run into the wall.)
(A few moments later, the thieves continue the chase)
(The Roc screeches—three more thieves approach from the 
              front. They jump on the Roc, who spins like a whirlwind and sends 
              the thieves flying.)
(His neck twisted)
(untwists 
              himself)
(Aladdin, Abu, and Iago approach on Carpet)
(With many heads, each looking around and saying the word)
(Pulls his heads together)
(Abis Mal is about to tackle Genie; Aladdin and Carpet fight off 
              the other thieves. Genie picks the Roc up and flies away with him. 
              Abis Mal follows.)
(Thieves block the entrance)
(He turns into a rocket, the Roc and 
              Abis Mal on his back. He flies off, missing the thieves; Abis Mal 
              falls off of the Roc and lands on top of his men.)
(The gang exits on Carpet)
(Relieved)
(A hook attached to a rope latches onto Carpet. Haroud stands beside 
              the rope, which stretches as far as it can and pulls Carpet back; 
              Aladdin, Iago, and Abu fall into the sand)
(Dizzy)
(pulls out a handful of golden feathers)
(Abis Mal twirls the feathers, forming a giant whirlwind.)
(Carpet escapes the hook and flies to the gang. The whirlwind moves 
              forward, trapping the four of them and leading them away, screaming.)
(Shocked)
(Setting: Outside Agrabah's gates. Carpet pushes his way out of 
              a sand dune, then helps Aladdin escape.)
(coughs)
(Abu pops out of Aladdin's vest, groaning.)
(Iago emerges from the sand beneath Aladdin's knee)
(Sighs)
(Extends his hand)
(They shake hands)
(A shadow falls over the group)
(Aladdin and Abu look at each other, sadly)
(Fazal leashes Abu.)
(Rasoul, Fazal, and Abu exit)
(Aladdin and Carpet hunch over, saddened. Abu, about to enter the 
              city gate, turns to look at Aladdin one last time. He wipes away 
              a tear, then exits after Fazal)
(Arms-crossed)
(Breaking)
(Getting sad)
(falls over, 
              pounding the ground with his fists)
(Cries hysterically)
(A strong wind blows in.)
(Leans over a balcony in the city)
(Aladdin grins. They hop on Carpet)
(They fly into the city)
(A group of whirlwinds approach the city. They stop moving, revealing 
              Abis Mal and his men. Rasoul and Fazal watch them from the high 
              balcony)
(Abu jumps onto Fazal's turban, chattering)
(He and his men form whirlwinds again and enter the city)
(Carpet flies by; Aladdin grabs Abu)
(Aladdin and Abu hug)
(Carpet flies through the Marketplace)
(Aladdin steals the tarp off of a stand, followed by a snake charmer's 
              snake and rope. Carpet flies out of the Marketplace)
(Carpet reaches the whirlwinds. Aladdin throws the tarp on top 
              of one of the men and flattens him. Next, Aladdin drops the rope 
              between two of the whirlwinds, causing the men to smash into each 
              other. Finally, Aladdin tosses the snake into one of the whirlwinds, 
              then flies off. )
(The snake is wrapped around his body)
(Aladdin and Abu watch the thief struggle)
(Give each other high-fives)
(Abis Mal gasps, then has a fit of anger)
(To two approaching whirlwinds)
(They do so)
(he points to Aladdin and Abu)
(The three men raise their feathers into the air and wave them 
              back and forth. The action forms a giant whirlwind which captures 
              Carpet, Aladdin, Abu, and Iago. The thieves put down the feathers 
              and the whirlwind disappears; the thieves attack, with swords drawn.)
(The men form the propellers and aim for the gang)
(There's a loud screech. The thieves revert to normal, cowering. 
              A large Roc flies over them. Genie, dressed a pilot, and the baby 
              Roc sit on her back.)
(The bird's wings block the sun)

              (Mavis flies at Abis Mal and his men; a huge storm cloud forms around 
              her. Aladdin, Abu, and Iago hop on Carpet to escape. Abis Mal and 
              his men try to flee, but the cloud overtakes them and assaults them. 
              Nearby, Haroud watches.)
(Being dragged away)
(Watches; dryly)
(Genie reverts to normal and pats the baby Roc on the head)
(The Roc giggles; Genie flies to the ground. Mavis flies over Agrabah 
              and into the distance. Aladdin and the others wave goodbye. Genie 
              appears before them.)
(Holds 
              up a giant chocolate chip cookie)
(Setting: The Marketplace)
(Abu stands by a tree, his arms folded. There is a basket of 
              dates beside him. Dates fall out of the tree and into the basket; 
              Abu inspects one, then throws it aside)
(He scolds the person at the top of the tree)
(We pan up the tree to see Fazal, struggling to reach dates. 
              He falls out of the tree, the basket ending up on his head. Abu 
              climbs on top of him, picks one of the dates off of Fazal's body, 
              and eats it.)
